screen dimensions
width 540
height 360
scale 2

population parameters
min-circles 20
max-initial-circles 500
num-circles-increment 10
num-babies-by-circle 3
make-babies-cap 0.15
penalty-proximity 0.001

circle variation
max-circle-size 4
max-variation-size 2
min-variation-size -2
max-variation-position 10
min-variation-position -10
max-variation-color 10
min-variation-color -10

background images path
image-0 /david.jpg
image-1 /colorSplash01.jpg
image-2 /colorSplash02.jpg
image-3 /dynastes_hercules.jpg
image-4 /roses.jpg
image-5 /stockPhoto01.jpg
image-6 /stockPhoto02.jpg
image-7 /stockPhoto03.jpg
image-8 /stockPhoto04.jpg
image-9 /universe.jpg

path for store the screen shoot
screen-shoot-path C:\\Users\\Sergio\\IdeaProjects\\engine-circlesimage\\src\\resources\\

program cosmetics
text-color WHITE
text-box-color BLACK
text-box-stroke-color WHITE
show-texts-on-screen FALSE
